Q.1. What is Emmet? 
Basically, most text editors out there allow you to store and re-use commonly used code chunks, called “snippets”. While snippets are a good way to boost your productivity, all implementations have common pitfalls: you have to define the snippet first and you can’t extend them in runtime. Emmet takes the snippets idea to a whole new level: you can type CSS-like expressions that can be dynamically parsed, and produce output depending on what you type in the abbreviation. Emmet is developed and optimized for web-developers whose workflow depends on HTML/XML and CSS, but can be used with programming languages too.
Q.2. Difference between a Library and Framework?


Q.3. What is CDN? Why do we use it? 
CDN means Content Delivery Network, it refers to geographically distributed servers which helps to deliver resources faster. It helps **cache** the content at user's end which loads content website faster.


Q.4. Why is React known as React? 
React is named React because of its ability to react to changes in data. When the data in a React component changes, React will automatically re-render the component so that it reflects the new data. This makes it easy to create performant user interfaces that always look up-to-date


Q.5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
crossorigin attribute allows to fetch the content from different origin. It also provides support for CORS, which means any resources apart from same origin should get loaded in browser.


Q.6. What is difference between React and ReactDOM ?
React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces and ReactDOM is the JavaScript library that allows React to interact with the DOM


Q.7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and oftentimes hot reloading ability in those builds.
The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine. The production build runs uglify and builds your source files into one or multiple minimized files. It also extracts CSS and images and of course any other sources you're loading with bundler. There's also no hot reloading included. Source Maps might be included as separate files depending on your bundler.
Q.8. What is async and defer? 
Async :- For classic scripts, if the async attribute is present, then the classic script will be fetched in parallel to parsing and evaluated as soon as it is available.


Defer :- This Boolean attribute is set to indicate to a browser that the script is meant to be executed after the document has been parsed, but before firing DOM content is loaded. Scripts with the defer attribute will prevent the DOMContentLoaded event from firing until the script has loaded and finished evaluating.